COG Engine Game Module - Item File
-----------------------------------
Header Notes

	 - The "Usage : " Field is a carry-over from the Pascal version. All Usage fields will
		be placed within the "Notes" field, making them regular strings you can simply
		append. The first few items have been updated to reflect this.

Box Colors
----------
Blue - Unmovable Item
Green - Moveable Item
Red - Enemy (antagonist) Obstruction
Orange - Movement (obstacle) Obstruction
Black - Unknown


Item # : int                                 [Required]
Item Name : String                           [Required]
Aliases : String                             [Optional]
Environment GraphicURL : String              [Either this or Text Description Required]
Environment Graphic Coordinates (X,Y) : int, int [Reqired if Environment GraphicURL is provided]
CloseUp GraphicURL : String                  [Optional]
Icon GraphicURL : String                     [Optional]
Equipped GraphicURL : String                 [Optional]
Text Description : String                    [Either this or Enviroment Graphic Required]
Location : String                            [Optional - If not delclared, set to Room(0)]
Weight : int                                 [Optional]
Bulk : int                                   [Optional]
Notes : String (Any reference to "Usage : " should be considered part of the "Notes") [Optional]

-----------------------------------

Item # : 1
Item Name : Dagger
Aliases : Knife
Environment GraphicURL : Images/ItemTemplate(Green).jpg
Environment Graphic Coordinates (X,Y) : 200, 400
CloseUp GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description : This dagger is heavier than you might expect; it seems to be made of a strong and
 smooth metal that is a blueish-grey and does not shine, unlike any you have ever seen before. The grip
 is wrapped in some sort of animal hide. This dagger feels very good in your hand.
Notes : Found under the rock in room #7

Item # : 2
Item Name : Rock
Aliases : Stone
Environment GraphicURL : Images/ItemTemplate(Green).jpg
Environment Graphic Coordinates (X,Y) : 200, 400
Text Description : This is a normal rock, no different from the many others laying around on the sand.
Location : Room(126)
Weight : -1
Notes : Dagger is underneath the rock.

Item # : 3
Item Name : Bow
Environment GraphicURL : Images/ItemTemplate(Green).jpg
Environment Graphic Coordinates (X,Y) : 200, 400
Text Description : This long, strong, and obvoiusly powerful bow feels comfortable in your grip.
Notes : Carried by Savage, kill him with knife to retrieve this.

Item # : 4
Item Name : Arrow
Text Description : This arrow is very long, with a special razor-sharp point. The only odd thing
 about it is the small notch behind the plume.
Notes : For use with bow, attach rope, offensive

Item # : 5
Item Name : Rope
Text Description : This rope apears to have been handwoven from extremely resiliant natural fibers. Though it
 is not very thick in circumference, you are fairly certain that it could at least hold your own weight.
Location : Room(7)
Notes : Can be tied to the arrow or to the hook

Item # : 6
Item Name : Rope Tied to Arrow
Aliases : Arrow
Text Description : You have tied a length of rope to the end of an arrow.
Notes : You shoot this at the tree stump overhanding the cliff in order to reach the campsite.

Item # : 7
Item Name : Tree Stump
Aliases : Tree, Stump
Environment GraphicURL : Images/ObstructionTemplate(Orange).jpg
Environment Graphic Coordinates (X,Y) : 190, 100
Text Description : This is a gnarled old tree stump. You can see a few patches of moss growing on one side.
Location : Room(129), Room(104)
Weight : -1
Notes : Use the the Rope Tied to Arrow on this 

Item # : 8
Item Name : Arrow (with Rope) shot into Stump
Aliases : Arrow, Tree, Stump, Tree Stump
Text Description : You have shot an arrow into a tree stump, with a length of rope tied to one end,
which you can now use to climb Up or Down the cliff.
Notes : You can Split back into a Rope Tied to Arrow and a Tree Stump

Item # : 9
Item Name : Knothole
Aliases : Hole
Text Description : There is a large knothole in the tree on this side, far above your head.
Location : Room(22), Room(19)
Weight : -1

Item # : 10
Item Name : Knothole (with attached Grappling Hook)
Aliases : Knothole, Grappling Hook, Hole
Text Description : Your Grappling hook his hanging out of the knothole, allowing you to climb
 Up and Down the tree.

Item # : 11
Item Name : Exotic Seashell
Aliases : Shell, Seashell
Text Description : This is an extremely exotic seashell, you've never seen anything quite like it in your
 entire life. The shell itself is rather large, about three times the size of your fist. The shape is vaguely
 conical, but at the same time it is so curved that is almost spherical at the same time. The material of
 the shell is both translucent and highly reflective at the same time, and the sun's rays dance across its
 surface.
Location : Room(31)

Item # : 12
Item Name : Small Key
Aliases : Key
Text Description : This is a small shiny metal key.
Location : Room(54)

Item # : 13
Item Name : Locked Box
Aliases : Box, Lock
Text Description : This is a small box, made from a very heavy and durable metal. The box is so heavy in fact,
 that you cannot even muster the strength to pick it up. The box is currently locked shut, with a small keyhole
 just above where the lid opens.
Location : Room(42)
Weight : -1
Notes : You must use the small metal key to open the lock.

Item # : 14
Item Name : Unlocked Box (Closed)
Aliases : Toolbox
Text Description : This is a small box, made from a very heavy and durable metal. The box is so heavy in fact,
 that you cannot even muster the strength to pick it up. The box is currently closed, but unlocked.
Weight : -1
Notes : Use Sledgehammer to break the Lock.

Item # : 15
Item Name : Unlocked Box (Opened)
Aliases : Toolbox
Text Description : This is a small box, made from a very heavy and durable metal. The box is so heavy in fact,
 that you cannot even muster the strength to pick it up. The box is currently unlocked and open.
Weight : -1
Notes : Contains hook and steel cable

Item # : 16
Item Name : Metal Cable
Aliases : Cable
Text Description : This is a very strong cable, made from a metal that very closely resembles steel, although it is far lighter
 and more flexible.
Notes : Needed for Red Gem.

Item # : 17
Item Name : Hook
Text Description : This is a long, triple-pronged metal hook with a loop on one end.
Notes : Combine with Rope to form Grappling Hook

Item # : 18
Item Name : Grappling Hook
Aliases : Hook
Text Description : You have tied a rope to the end of the hook you found in the chest on top
 of the cliff.
Notes : Use it to climb the tree and to fix the rope bridge.

Item # : 19
Item Name : Flask (Empty)
Aliases : Flask
Text Description : Its an emtpty metal flask.

Item # : 20
Item Name : Flask (Filled with Unknown Liquid)
Aliases : Flask
Text Description : This is a small metal flask that is currently filled with an unknown, pungent liquid.
Location : Room(42)

Item # : 21
Item Name : Sledgehammer
Aliases : Hammer
Text Description : This heavy hammer has a long handle with a comfortable feel to it. With plenty of leverage,
 it can provide you with a great deal of power, though it would be to slow to be of any use in a fight.
Location : Room(79)
Notes : Used for Smashing things

Item # : 22
Item Name : Oxoplant
Aliases : Plant, Flower
Text Description : This is an oddly shaped plant, with white petals. You move your face to smell it's aroma,
 and it suddenly clamps around your nose and mouth. You cringe, prepared for some sort of violent act, but
 nothing of the sort occurs. Instead you realize with much excitement that it is providing you with a more than ample
 supply of oxygen! This wonderful specimen of foliage takes in your carbon dioxide and releases oxygen. You
 pull it back from your face and it easily detaches itself. You decide to call it an "oxoplant."
Location : Room(30)
Notes : Allows you to breath underwater

Item # : 23
Item Name : Golden Coin
Text Description : This is a small shiny golden coin just slightly smaller than your palm. There are only the faintest of
 outlines what may have once been printed or etched on the surface. The markings are far too faded for you to make out clearly.
Location : Room(115)

Item # : 24
Item Name : Ornate Spear
Aliases : Spear
Text Description : This is a long spear with very ornate carvings running down the
 wooden handle. The tip of the spear is made of an incredibly sharp metal of an unknown origin.

Item # : 25
Item Name : Brick
Text Description : This is a large, greyish-white brick, that has seen many years abuse from the elements.
Location : Room(108)
Notes : Used as a counter-weight for 

Item # : 26
Item Name : Large Metal Key
Aliases : Key
Text Description : This is a rather large, shiny, brass key, that sparkles in the light.
Notes : Hidden in the Dark Woods (Room 12) Use it to Unlock Gate

Item # : 27
Item Name : Bucket
Text Description : This is a average wooden bucket, slightly warped from many years of use.
Location : Room(107)

Item # : 28
Item Name : Crank
Text Description : This is a long metal crank that is attached to the base of a small well. There is a long rope,
 permanently attached to the crank, wound around the middle, directly over the opening of the well.
Location : Room(107)
Weight : -1
Notes : Moves bucket up and down

Item # : 29
Item Name : Unlocked Gate (Opened)
Aliases : Gate, Lock
Text Description : This is a huge metalic gate with a very large lock positioned in the center of the gate. The
 gate is currently unlocked and wide open.
Weight : -1

Item # : 30
Item Name : Rock (moved aside)
Aliases : Rock, Stone
Environment GraphicURL : Images/ItemTemplate(Green).jpg
Environment Graphic Coordinates (X,Y) : 200, 400
Text Description : This is a normal rock, no different from the many others laying around on the sand.
Weight : -1
Notes : Dagger was underneath the rock.

Item # : 31
Item Name : Tree Branch
Aliases : Branch, Wood
Text Description : This is a long, dried out tree branch.
Location : Room(7)

Item # : 32
Item Name : Cauldron
Aliases : Pot
Text Description : This is a very heavy fat metal pot, suspended above a small firepit.
Location : Room(42)
Weight : -1

Item # : 33
Item Name : Firepit
Aliases : Pit
Text Description : This is just the burn remaining of a firepit someone had once used for their campsite.
Location : Room(42)
Weight : -1

Item # : 34
Item Name : Animal-Skin Pouch
Aliases : Pouch, Bag
Text Description : This is a small pouch that has been hand-sewed from the hide
 of an animal not totally unlike a deer.
Location : Room(42)

Item # : 35
Item Name : Firepit (with Wood)
Aliases : Firepit, Pit
Text Description : You have broken up a dry tree branch over the coals of the small firepit. You will
 still need to add something to get the fire initially started if you want to start a fire.
Weight : -1

Item # : 36
Item Name : Leaves
Aliases : Leaf
Text Description : This is as small pile of dry forest leaves.
Location : Room(14)

Item # : 37
Item Name : Firepit (with Leaves)
Aliases : Firepit, Pit
Text Description : You have spread out dry forest leaves across the small firepit. You will still
 need to add wood to burn if you want to start a fire.
Weight : -1

Item # : 38
Item Name : Firepit (with Leaves and Wood)
Aliases : Firepit, Pit
Text Description : You have spread the broken up piece of a dry tree branch over the coals
 of the small firepit, and covered the wood with dry forest leaves. The firepit is now prepared
 to be lit.
Weight : -1

Item # : 39
Item Name : Luminescent Fungi
Aliases : Fungi
Text Description : These are the slightly larger relatives of the fungi that grow naturally in the soil of the underground
 tunnel system. These phosphoresant fungi seem to glow slightly with their own inner light, and they break apart into
 tiny spores the instant you try to touch them with your band hands.
Location : Room(71)
Weight : -1

Item # : 40
Item Name : Pouch (Filled with Luminescent Fungi)
Aliases : Pouch, Fungi
Text Description : This is a small pouch, handsewn from the hide of an animal not totally unlike a deer. It is currently
 filled with a form of phosphoresant fungi that seem to glow with their own inner light. You have to be careful when handling
 the fungi however, as they seem to instantly break apart into spores whenever you try to touch them with your bare hands.

Item # : 41
Item Name : Cauldron (Filled with Luminescent Fungi)
Aliases : Cauldron
Text Description : This is a very heavy fat metal pot, suspended above a small firepit. The cauldron currently contains a small
 quantity of phosphorescent fungi that seem to glow with their own inner light.
Weight : -1

Item # : 42 
Item Name : Cauldron (Filled with Unknown Liquid)
Aliases : Cauldron
Text Description : This is a very heavy fat metal pot, suspended above a small firepit. The cauldron currently contains a small
 amount of unknown liquid.
Weight : -1

Item # : 43
Item Name : Cauldron (Filled with Luminescent Fungi and Unknown Liquid)
Aliases : Cauldron
Text Description : This is a very heavy fat metal pot, suspended above a small firepit. The cauldron currently contains a mixture
 of phosphorescent fungi and pungent-smelling, unknown liquid. The mixture is ready to be heated.
Weight : -1

Item # : 44
Item Name : Cauldron (Filled with Luminescent Liquid)
Aliases : Cauldron, Liquid
Text Description : This is a very heavy fat metal pot, suspended above a small firepit. The cauldron currently contains a
 pungent-smelling luminescent liquid that glows brightly at the bottom of the small pot.
Weight : -1

Item # : 45
Item Name : Exotic Seashell (Filled with Luminescent Liquid)
Aliases : Seashell, Light
Text Description : This curved, exotic seashell is made from a material that is both translucent
 and highly reflective at the same time. The seashell is currently filled with a pungent-smelling,
 luminescent liquid that glows very brightly inside of the shell. The curved, translucent surface
 of the shell manginfies and concentrates the light eminating from within the shell, effectively
 creating a very handy portabel light source.

Item # : 46
Item Name : Flask (Filled with Luminescent Liquid)
Aliases : Flask
Text Description : This is a small metal flask that is currently filled with a luminescent liquid.

Item # : 47
Item Name : Multi-Coloured Berries
Aliases : Berries
Text Description : This is a small bunch of berries that you have found growing in the wild on
 the southwestern portion of the island. They appear to have grown in any colour you like.
Location : Room(36)

Item # : 48
Item Name : Metal Rung
Aliases : Rung, Ring, Metal Ring, Hoop
Text Description : This is a large grey metal rung imbeded into the ceiling of the hand-carved cave that leads
 into the heart of the volcano. You bring your hand close to the metal surface, expecking to feel an enormous amount
 of heat radition from the rung, but apparantly it is not made of a heat-conducting material, as it actually feel
 cool to the touch.
Location : Room(124)
Weight : -1

Item # : 49
Item Name : Metal Cable (Tied to Metal Rung)
Aliases : Cable, Rung
Text Description : You have tied the strong metal cable onto the large grey metal rung that is imbeded into
 the ceiling of the hand-carved cave that leads into the heart of the volcano.
Weight : -1

Item # : 50
Item Name : The White Orb
Aliases : Orb, White
Text Description : This is a perfectly sphereical crystaline orb about the size of your hand, if you spread your fingers out wide.
 The orb glows slightly with a white light that eminates from it's center.
Location : Room(132)

Item # : 51
Item Name : The Black Orb
Aliases : Orb, Black
Text Description : This is a perfectly sphereical crystaline orb about the size of your hand, if you spread your fingers out wide.
 The orb glows slightly with a black light that eminates from it's center.
Location : Room(95)

Item # : 52
Item Name : The Blue Orb
Aliases : Orb, Blue
Text Description : This is a perfectly sphereical crystaline orb about the size of your hand, if you spread your fingers out wide.
 The orb glows slightly with a blue light that eminates from it's center.
Location : Room(113)

Item # : 53
Item Name : The Red Orb
Aliases : Orb, Red
Text Description : This is a perfectly sphereical crystaline orb about the size of your hand, if you spread your fingers out wide.
 The orb glows slightly with a red light that eminates from it's center.
Location : Room(121)

Item # : 54
Item Name : Red Orb (Inside Wooden Bucket)
Aliases : Orb, Red, Bucket
Text Description : You are carrying the red orb in the wooden bucket that you took from the well. The orb is a perfectly sphereical
 crystaline orb about the size of your hand, if you spread your fingers out wide. The orb glows slightly with a red light that
 eminates from it's center.

Item # : 55
Item Name : Pedestool
Aliases : Pedestools
Text Description : This is one of four multi-colored pedestools, one white, one black, one blue, and one red.
Location : Room(76)
Weight : -1

Item # : 56
Item Name : Ornate Spear (Imbeded in Decorated Stone Pedestool)
Text Description : This is a long spear with very ornate carvings running down the wooden handle, imbeded in a small
 stone pedestool. The tip of the spear is made of an incredibly sharp metal of an unknown origin.
Location : Room(71)
Weight : -1

Item # : 57
Item Name : Decorated Stone Pedestool
Text Description : This is a small stone pedestool, covered with various
 forms of bizarre pictures and markings, whose possible meaning utterly eludes you.
Weight : -1

Item # : 58
Item Name : Column
Aliases : Pillar
Text Description : This is a short and stubby cylindrical column with extremely elaborate marks and patterns etched onto its surface.
Location : Room(120)
Weight : -1

Item # : 59
Item Name : Column (With Exotic Seashell)
Alaises : Column, Pillar, Exotic Seashell, Seashell
Text Description : This is a short and stubby cylindrical column with extremely elaborate marks and patterns
 etched onto its surface. You have placed the exotic seashell on to of the column, which has resulted in the reflection
 of the sun's rays all about the area on top of the mountain, with a concentration on the large cylindrical pillar in
 the center of the area.

Item # : 60
Item Name : Boulder (Rolled Aside)
Aliases : Boulder
Text Description : The large boulder, which had once blocked all passage to the north has rolled aside far enough for you
 to squeeze your way through.
Weight : -1

Item # : 61
Item Name : Cylindrical Pedestool
Aliases : Pedestool
Text Description : This is a long cylindrical pedestool that is topped with four metal spikes that curve inwards
 to this room's proportions.

Item # : 62
Item Name : Cylindrical Pedestool (With Brick)
Alaises : Pedestool, Brick
Text Description : This is a long cylindrical pedestool that is topped with four metal spikes that curve inwards
 to this room's proportions. You have placed a brick of an approximately similar shape and mass on top of the pedestool
 to act as a counter weight for the trap-door mechanism.

Item # : 63
Item Name : Grappling Hook (Attached to Tree Stump)
Aliases : Grappling Hook, Hook, Rope, Tree, Stump, Tree Stump
Text Description : You have attached your grappling hook onto one end of an old gnarled tree stump.
Notes : You can Split back into a Grappling Hook and a Tree Stump

 
-----------------------------------

The Following Items have been removed from the original game.

Item # : 12
Item Name : Boots
Aliases : Shoes
Text Description : This is a pair of hard leather boots, almost in your size, but maybe a little
 too big. They are a little muddy, the leather is starting to crack in some areas, and they  appear
 to be very old.
Location : Room(105)
Notes : Needed for inside volcano
Usage : Good for climbing rough terrain, needed for inside volcano

Item # : 24
Item Name : Gold Bar
Aliases : Gold
Text Description : This small, but rather heavy material appears to be made of gold.
Notes : Bribe the Troll (gatekeeper) with this
Usage : To buy things, currency

Item # : 25
Item Name : Metal Rod
Aliases : Rod
Text Description : This is a short but thick metal rod that seems to have been here for a considerable
 amount of time.
Location : Room(122)
Weight : -1
Notes : Tie steel cable, get gem.

Item # : 26
Item Name : Metal Rod with Steel Cable tied to it
Aliases : Rod, Metal Rod
Text Description : You have tied a steel cable to a thick metal rod sticking out of the ground.

Item # : 27
Item Name : Spear (Glowing)
Aliases : Spear
Text Description : This is a long, lightweight spear that seems to glow with some inner light. The tip is
 incredibly sharp, and seems to glow the brightest.
Location : Room(71)
Notes : When glowing, it can turn the Worm into Stone
Usage : Throw it, Offensive

Item # : 30
Item Name : Talon
Text Description : This is the small, light, wretched talon of a large bird. You cannot see any
 useful purposes for it.
Notes : Unknown purpose, maybe future game (luck)
Usage : Luck? Key? Bribe for natives? Friendship?

Item # : 31
Item Name : Sword
Text Description : This is a rather long and powerful offensive weapon, and will prove to be useful
 on your journey. The sword is curved, similar a schmitar. There also seems to be a switch on the
 bottom of the handle.
Location : Room(52)
Notes : If you press a switch on the handle, the blade will dislodge, and will act like a boomerang
 if thrown.
Usage : Long powerful weapon, offensive
Item # : 19
Item Name : Flashlight
Text Description : This is an ordinary flashlight that requires two batteries, and says "Deck & Blacker" on the
 side.
Notes : Requires 2 batteries. Found in Toolbox. May be removed from final game.
Usage : Lets you see in the dark.

Item # : 20
Item Name : Batteries
Text Description : This is a normal battery, about D size. You wonder how they got here.
Location : 118

Item # : 29
Item Name : Drill
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : This is a (broken/fixed) drill that runs on batteries. The handle says "Deck & Blacker."
 You also notice there is no powersource attached.
Room First Found In : 42
Notes : Requires Reparing Device (And Powersource) and all four Gems. Found in Toolbox.
Usage : Powerful device that can cut through almost anything.

Item # : 30
Item Name : Repair Device
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : This seems to be a cross between a wrench, pliers, and screwdriver. It probably
 is some sort of a repair device for a mechanical gizmo.
Room First Found In : 75
Notes : Maybe use drill to get to Computer, which removes the boulder?
Usage : Use it to fix the drill

Item # : 31
Item Name : Gems / Orbs
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : This gem alsmost shines with it's own inner light, making you just want to stop
 and stare at it for hours. Interesting that it's color matches the environment you found it in.
Room First Found In : 102, 113, 120, 121
Notes : Originally used as drillbits, to unlock door to the cave. They can however be used focusing crystals.
Usage : 4 Gems - Blue, Red, White, and Black

Item # : 32
Item Name : Meaty
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : This is the small meaty leg of some unfortunate creature that was skinned and cooked over
 an open flame. It actually smells quite good.
Room First Found In : 45
Notes : Can't move 100 spaces without.
Usage : Less filling, Tastes great.

Item # : 34
Item Name : Wall Painting
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : This is a huge wall painting that depicts a wordless story of how a giant worm (which
 you realize is probably what made these tunnels), that was offered many sacrifices by a primitive culture.
Room First Found In : 67
Notes : You can't "get" it!
Usage : Depict the story of the giant worm.

Item # : 37
Item Name : Boulder
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : This is a large boulderthat blocks your path. You also notice four large holes with
 rings of color around them placed side by side along the middle of the boulder.
Room First Found In : 46
Notes : The underground computer moves this. (Originally needed 4 gems to pass)
Usage : Blocks path

Item # : 39
Item Name : Branch
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : It's a branch.
Room First Found In : 26, 27, 28, 15, 18, 19, 41, 33
Notes : None

Item # : 40
Item Name : Saltwater
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : This is not drinking water, it's from the ocean!
Room First Found In : 0
Notes : Dehydrates

Item # : 41
Item Name : Hole
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : These holes each have a colored ring around them: red, blue, white, and black. There is nothing
 else interesting about them.
Room First Found In : 46
Notes : Probably will be removed from online game
Usage : Drill holes bigger, insert gems, boulder is removed

Item # : 42
Item Name : Button
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : As you swing the sword outward and press the button, you hear an audible click and all of a
 sudden the blade flies out of the handle, away from you, and in an arced curve. You look into the hole where
 the blade used to be, and push the button a few more times. You can see two metal pronges move back and forth,
 as well as a great deal of advanced circuitry inside. Suddenly a red light flashes on. You look at the blade
 which ceases its "arced" flight path and turns more abruptly, flying toward you. Blindly you hold out the handle,
 and as if by magic, the blade flies right back inot the handle. Apparently the handle contains some sort of
 transmitation device that allows the curved blade to act as an electronic boomerang sword!
Room First Found In : 0
Notes : Allows "boomerang" ability.

Item # : 43
Item Name : Keypad
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : This is merely your normal, everyday, qwerty keyboard. No more, no less.
Room First Found In : 76
Notes : Will most likely be removed from final game.
Usage : Type on

Item # : 44
Item Name : On Switch
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : This is a small, round, red button that says "POWER" on it in big, friendly letters.
Room First Found In : 76
Notes : Turns on/off computer

Item # : 45
Item Name : Vine
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : This is just a normal vine, not unlike the one near your home that you used to swing on as a kid.
Room First Found In : 19
Notes : You swing on it.

Item # : 46
Item Name : Surfboard
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : As you look at the surfboard, some memory begins to develope in your mind, but then leaves
 as quickly as it began.
Room First Found In : 9
Notes : Once again, will probably be removed from the final game.
Usage : Nostalgia

Item # : 47
Item Name : Utility Belt
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : This belt goes around your waist, across your chest, and over your shoulders.
 The numerous loops and buckles that come on it make it resemble a gunslinger's belt, except that
 the loops are too big for bullets. There are also a few small "pouches" on the portion that goes
 around with waist.
Room First Found In : 4
Notes : 32 daggers, 4 knives, 2 swords, 1 bow, etc.
Usage : holds daggers, knives, swords, bow, etc.

Item # : 48
Item Name : Quiver
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : This is a normal quiver (a portable case for arrows). It has one strap that goes
 over your shoulder and looks as though it can hold at least 30 arrows.
Room First Found In : 15
Notes : 32 arrows at a time
Usage : a portable case for arrows

Item # : 49
Item Name : Clothing
GraphicURL : 
Text Description : These are an assortment of warm garments that have been handsewn from the hide
 of an animal not totally unlike a deer.
Room First Found In : 3
Notes : Will protect you once, -maybe-
Usage : keeps you warm, minor armor
