COG Engine Game Module - Rooms File
------------------------------------
Future Revision Notes : 
	 - Add 1st visit/transitionary field(s)
	 - Work out licensing issues regarding game modules ... Emacs rebuttal? PGP CryptInputStreams!
	
Room # : int                      [Required]
Room Name : String                [Required]
GraphicURL : URL                  [Required (Or all three Text Descriptions)]
Text Description (Long) : String
Text Description (Short) : String
Directions Description : String
Directions : String               [Required]
Items : [String]                  [Optional]
Directional Object : String       [Optional, Multiple]
 Obstruction : [String]           [At least one, as many as all of these fields]
 Transition (Text) : String
 First Transition (Text) : String
 Transition (Graphic) : URL
 First Transition (Graphic) : URL
Notes : String                    [Optional]

------------------------------------

Room # : 1
Room Name : Beachfront
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(001).jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing on a large beachfront. In front of you
 looms a great forest, populated with a wide assortment of trees, including a few
 abnormally tall ones. You notice that the western portion of this island is made
 up of a series of cliffs and rocky terrain that gently slopes down towards the
 lush green portions of the island to the east.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a beachfront.
Direction Description : You can see a shady spot to under a tree the NorthWest, a
 forest starts to the NorthEast, and the beach extends both SouthWest and SouthEast.
 There is also a path that leads into the forest to the North.
Directions : North(8), NorthEast(3), NorthWest(5), SouthEast(2), SouthWest(4)
Directional Object : North
 Transition (Text) : As you step into the shade of the forest, your eyes take a moment to
 adjust to the dim light. 

Room # : 2
Room Name : Walking Along Beach
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(002).jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are walking along the beach, the waves crashing to the south.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a beach.
Direction Description : You can see the beginning of a forest to the North, and the
 beach extends both NorthEast and NorthWest.
Directions : North(3), NorthEast(9), NorthWest(1)

Room # : 3
Room Name : Front of Large Oak
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : There is a large oak tree here, one of the largest in
 the forest. 
Text Description (Short) : You are at the base of a large oak.
Direction Description : The wind blows, russling the branches on the North side of the tree.
 Towards the East you can see the sun casting shadows on the ground, and the beach
 runs SouthWest and South East of here.
Directions : North(14), South(2), West(5), SouthEast(9), SouthWest(1)
Directional Object : North
 Obstruction : Obstruction[Under Construction Sign]

Room # : 4
Room Name : Outside Alcove
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(004).jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing along the edge of the beach, in front of a small
 alcove, formed in the space between the cliff and a large rock. To the west looms a sharply
 inclined cliff.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing in front of a small alcove.
Direction Description : You can venture West into the alcove, NorthEast along the
 coastline, or North towards a shady spot.
Directions : North(5), NorthEast(1), West(126)
Directional Object : North
 Transition (Text) : You walk up the beach until you reach the point where the forest
 overhangs the sand.

Room # : 5
Room Name : Savage
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(005).jpg
Text Description (Long) : The many limbs of the trees that hang far above you
 block out the sun and cools the hot sand, comforting your feet.
Text Description (Short) : You are in a shady spot.
Direction Description : The beach ends to the South and continues to the SouthEast.
 There is a huge oak tree to the East, and an old rock slide lies just West of here.
Directions : South(4), East(3), West(7), SouthEast(1)
Directional Object : West
 Obstruction : Obstruction[Savage]
 First Transition (Text) : You slowly work you way up the side of the hill, along the rock slide. As you
 near the top of the rock slide you see a rope that is dangling down from the clifftop above you. You grab
 for the rope as you begin to lose your footing, only to hear a loud snapping sound above, followed by the
 rope and the dead branch it was tied to falling to the ground just in front of you. You end up sliding back down
 the hill for a short distance, but finally regain control of your equilibrium and reach the top of the rockslide,
 where the rope and dried-out tree branch are now laying.

Room # : 6
Room Name : Impassible Cliff
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The ocean's waves are crashing justbelow you, painting patches
 of slick aglae around the already loose footing. You'd like to leave this area as
 soon as possible.
Text Description (Short) : You walking along a cliff above the ocean.
Direction Description : You may only work your way along the cliff to the North.
Directions : North(7)

Room # : 7
Room Name : Rope
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(007).jpg
Text Description (Long) : Apparently there once was a rock-slide here some time
 ago, making for loose footing. It is impossible to continue up the cliff from this direction.
Text Description (Short) : You are on top of a rockslide.
Direction Description : You have the choice of either working your way along
 the edge of the rockslide Southward, or sliding East and down to the shady spot below.
Directions : South(6), East(5)
Items : Item[Rope], Item[Tree Branch]
Directional Object : East
 Obstruction : Obstruction[Savage]

Room # : 8
Room Name : Start of Path
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(008).jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are at the start of a long path that winds through
 the forest which now surrounds you on both sides.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the start of a path.
Direction Description : You can either go South to the beach, or follow the path to the North.
Directions : North(10), South(1)
Directional Object : North
 Obstruction : Obstruction[Under Construction Sign]

Room # : 9
Room Name : Wash-Up
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(009).jpg
Text Description (Long) : There is a piece of indistinguishable wreckage
 being pushed up and down the beach by the waves here. A strange
 shadow of deju va overcasts your mind as you watch it wash up and down the coastline.
Text Description (Short) : You are on the beach.
Direction Description : The beach continues SouthWest and NorthEast, and there
 is a large tree to the NorthWest.
Directions : NorthEast(20), NorthWest(3), SouthWest(2)

Room # : 10
Room Name : Path
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The trees and foliage on either side of the path are very
 dennse, alowing very little light through.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a path.
Direction Description : Rather than wander away, you'd prefer to stay on the
 path; therefore you may go either North or South.
Directions : North(13), South(8)

Room # : 11
Room Name : Bottom of Temple
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You cast your gaze to the south as you walk along the cliffs,
 only to discover a smooth staircase, hand-carved into the bare rock of a small mountain.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the bottom of a hand-carved staircase.
Direction Description : Your choices are either walking Up the steps to the top of
 the mountain, East to one end of a rope bridge, or West along the northern cliffs of the island.
Directions : East(116), West(127), Up(120)

Room # : 12
Room Name : Dark Woods
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : It is very dark here, since most of the light is blocked out by the trees.
 You find it very difficult to even see your own person, let alone the trees all about you.
Text Description (Short) : You are surrounded by trees.
Direction Description : The only direction to go is East, where there is more light.
Directions : East(10)
Notes : The Gate Key is hidden here, in the darkness. You mush Search for it.

Room # : 13
Room Name : Three Forks
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : Another path intersects here, allowing you to travel in any of four directions.
Text Description (Short) : You are at an intersection of paths.
Direction Description : You can either head West towards the largest tree in the forest,
 North to where the path forks, or follow the path to the East or South.
Directions : North(21), South(10), East(17), West(16)

Room # : 14
Room Name : Behind Large Oak
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are on the northern side of a large oak tree.
Text Description (Short) : You are behind the large oak tree.
Direction Description : You may climb Up the tree by making use of the various branches within your reach, or
 you may head South to the other side of the tree.
Directions : South(3), Up(33)
Items : Item[Leaves]

Room # : 15
Room Name : Lower Branch
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing on one of the lower branches of
 the tree, overhanging a shady cove just below you.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a low branch.
Direction Description : All of the other branches are too far above you to climb to,
 so you will have to climb Down.
Directions : Down(12)

Room # : 16
Room Name : Huge Tree
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : An enormous tree is growing in the middle of the path here,so you can not
 continue in this direction. Your glance follows the trunk up towards the forest canopy, and
 something catches your eye in the branches high above your head. It is too far up
 and there is too little light to be sure, but it appears to be a small wooden platform.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the base of an enormous tree.
Direction Description : You may only go East.
Directions : East(13)

Room # : 17
Room Name : Bend in Path
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : Here the path running through the forest bends into a Y-shape. An open field stretches
 out before you, spilling down the light that is blocked by the canopy of the forest's enormous trees.
Text Description (Short) : You are on the bend of a path.
Direction Description : The path ends to the North, continues to the West and NorthWest,
 and there is an open field to the East.
Directions : North(24), East(23), West(13), NorthWest(21)

Room # : 18
Room Name : Small Wooden Platform
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are now standing on a small, well-weathered, wooden platform
 built in the cleft where two branches extend from the forest's largest tree. When you peer
 over the edge of the platform, you immediately notice just how far away the ground lies
 below you, and your mind reels with the height.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a small wooden platform.
Direction Description : You can work you way out North or South along
 either of the branches.
Directions : North(19), South(27)

Room # : 19
Room Name : Branch - Knothole
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : This long and wide branch which extends out from the tree,
 just below the place where a large knothole has formed. To the south of you a small
 wooden platform has been in the cleft where two branches grow from the tree's vast trunk.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a large branch.
Direction Description : You can try to climb Down the tree, or
 work your way over to the small platform, just South of here.
Directions : South(18)
Items : Item[Knothole]
Directional Object : Down
 Transition (Text) : You climb down the rope tied to your grappling hook.

Room # : 20
Room Name : More Beach
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(020).jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are near the end of the beach.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a beach.
Direction Description : The beach extends both South and SouthWest, and ends off to the East.
Directions : South(31), East(35), SouthWest(9)

Room # : 21
Room Name : Two Forks
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The road forks here, in two directions.
Text Description (Short) : You are at a fork in the road.
Direction Description : You can follow the trail to the West, South, or SouthEast.
Directions : South(13), West(22), SouthEast(17)

Room # : 22
Room Name : Behind Tree (Knothole)
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are on the north side of the largest tree in the forest. Glancing up at the
 branches swaying in the cool breeze, you spot a large knothole far above your head.
Text Description (Short) : You are behind the huge tree.
Direction Description : Being such a large tree, even the lowest of its branches are out of your reach,
 so you may not climb Up the tree. You can however, go East to a fork in the road, or North towards
 a huge boulder.
Directions : North(46), East(21)
Items : Item[Knothole]
Directional Object : Up
 Transition (Text) : You climb up the rope tied to your grappling hook.
Notes : You have to use the grappling hook to catch the knothole higher up
 in the tree to move upward.

Room # : 23
Room Name : Open Field
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing in an open field, to the north of the island's expansive forest.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing in an open field.
Direction Description :  The many trees of the forest grow to close together to allow you to move
south or the east of here, so you can only head West along a winding path, or North across the field.
Directions : North(25), West(17)

Room # : 24
Room Name : End of Path
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You have come to the end of the path, where it becomes surrounded
 by groups of trees huddled very close together. Just north of the trees you can see a few of
 the many huge cliffs and other mountainous regions that make up the western and northern
 portions of the island.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the end of the path.
Direction Description : You have to go back to the South.
Directions : South(17)

Room # : 25
Room Name : Sight of Lagoon
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The field begins to break down into sand, and you can
 see a lagoon off in the distance.
Text Description (Short) : You are within sight of a lagoon.
Direction Description : There is a sandbank to the North, the southern shore of a
 lagoon to the NorthEast, and a field that spreads out to the South.
Directions : North(30), South(23), NorthEast(29)

Room # : 26
Room Name : Far Limb
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You climb over onto one of the farther limbs of the tree. Since the wind
 keeps shaking the end of the beach, you'd like to continue on your journey just as soon as possible.
 There is a branch that overhangs a stone wall to the north of you, and another down below you, although
 you're not certain that you'd be able to make it back up to this branch once you climbed down.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a far limb.
Direction Description : You can go back to the North, or climb Down to a lower branch.
Directions : North(28), Down(15)

Room # : 27
Room Name : Swaying Branch
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are hugging the trunk of a large tree, as you carefully
 maintain you balance atop a thick branch that is swaying violently in the breeze.
 This constant motion so high above the ground is making you feel quite queezy, so you would
 like to continue moving as soon as possible. To the north of you a small wooden platform
 has been erected in the cleft where two branches grow out from the tree, and to the
 south a rather long and low-hanging limb extends out over the top of a stone wall.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing atop a swaying branch.
Direction Description : You can work your way North over to the platfrom or South to where another branch
 extends over the top of a stone wall.
Directions : North(18), South(28)

Room # : 28
Room Name : Overhanging Stone Wall
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are now perched upon a long, low-hanging limb that extends over
 the eastern end of a thick stone wall. You can't see what is below the wall from here, but
 the top should be wide enough for you to stand upon.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a branch that overhangs a stone wall.
Direction Description : You can leap Down onto the top of the stone wall below you, or climb over
 to a branch above you to the North, or below you to the South.
Directions : North(27), South(26), Down(41)

Room # : 29
Room Name : South of Lagoon
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are at the southern shore of a lagoon that glimmers
 in the sunlight. Far ahead lies a rope bridge that crosses it.
Text Description (Short) : You are south of a lagoon.
Direction Description : You can go North to the edge of the water, West towards a sandbank,
 or SouthWest towards a field.
Directions : North(44), West(30), SouthWest(25)

Room # : 30
Room Name : Sand Bank
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing on a sandbank which is home to many exotic species of flora.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a sandbank.
Direction Description : You can head North to the southwestern bank of the lagoon, East to
 the it's southern bank, South towards a field, or West towards one of this island's many cliffs.
Directions : North(57), South(25), East(29), West(45)
Items : Item[Oxoplant]

Room # : 31
Room Name : Water's Edge
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(031).jpg
Text Description (Long) : You have come to the water's edge. The soft wind, bringing in all of the smells of the ocean,
 feels cool across your face.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the water's edge.
Direction Description : You can only go North.
Directions : North(20)
Items : Item[Exotic Seashell]

Room # : 32
Room Name : Ledge
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You have come to the legde extending out over the edge of the cliff, and are enjoying a spectacular
 view of the ocean crashing upon the beaches below.
Text Description (Short) : You are at on a ledge.
Direction Description : You may either walk North or SouthWest along the cliff.
Directions : North(36), SouthWest(38)

Room # : 33
Room Name : Entrance to Tree
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The tree has a large knothole in it here, probably even large
 enough for you to crawl into. The hole leads downward through the trunk, which you now
 realize has been hollowed out. A branch extends from the tree just below you, not too
 far from the ground.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the entrance to the tree.
Direction Description : You can go South and into the hollow trunk, or out and Down the branch
 to the ground below.
Directions : South(34), Down(14)
Notes : insert a transitional text between climbing up and down from the tree, and through the knothole as well.

Room # : 34
Room Name : Inside Knothole
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are at the bottom of the large hollow tree; the entrance to
 a series of underground tunnels. Light pours in through a knothole in the tree, which
 has somehow been enlargened through physical means to the point where you would be
 able to crawl out of it.
Text Description (Short) : You are inside a large hollow tree.
Direction Description : You may follow the tunnel to the North, or climb Up through the tree
 and out the widened knothole.
Directions : North(47), Up(33)

Room # : 35
Room Name : Eastern End of Beach
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(035).jpg
Text Description (Long) : You have reached the eastern end of the beach. The broken
 remains of various seashells lie scattered amoung the rocks.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing admist many seashells.
Direction Description : You can only go West along the beach.
Directions : West(20)

Room # : 36
Room Name : Rocky Terraign
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are now standing upon the rocky terraign between the volcano and the
 cliffs that overhang the sandy beaches below. There are a few scragly bushes and other plants
 that have managed to grow here between the loose pebbles and stones, including a few thin trees,
 which mostly consist of dead wood.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing on rocky terraign.
Direction Description : You may go South to the edge of the cliff, or West
 towards a pathway that climbs up and around the face of the volcano. You may also work your
 way Down the loose rocky terraign towards a rockslide that had occured some time ago, but
 it is unlikely that you would be able to climb back up.
Directions : South(32), West(37), Down(7)
Items : Item[Multi-Coloured Berries]

Room # : 37
Room Name : Pathway up Volcano
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are on a pathway that leads up and around a small volcano.
 Just a little ways up the volcano, above from the path, you can see what appears to be
 a small dugout emerging from the southern face of the volcano.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a pathway up the volcano.
Direction Description : You can climb Up to the small dugout, around
 the path to the NorthEast, down to the South where the pathway ends, or East away from
 the path to where the terraign becomes more rocky as it begins to slope
 down towards the west.
Directions : South(38), East(36), NorthEast(39), Up(118)

Room # : 38
Room Name : Drop-off Point
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are now facing north, towards a small volcano, watching as heat overflowing from
 the top bends and waves the the air into strange patterns. Behind you roars the ocean, as the rockface begins
 to drop off towards the crashing sea below.
Text Description (Short) : You are south of a looming volcano.
Direction Description : You can head North to where a pathway begins to wrap its
 way around to the top of the volcano, or follow
 the cliff to the NorthEast or SouthWest.
Directions : North(37), NorthEast(32), SouthWest(40)

Room # : 39
Room Name : Pathway Around Volcano
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are walking along a pathway that corkscrews as it climbs around the small volcano that
 makes up the southwestern portion of the island.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a path that climbs around a volcano.
Direction Description : You may follow the path up and around to the NorthWest, or down to the SouthWest.
Directions : NorthWest(122), SouthWest(37)

Room # : 40
Room Name : Ocean View
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : Your current position allows you to gaze out across
 the ocean, and relish the magnificent view.
Text Description (Short) : You are walking along the southern cliffs.
Direction Description : You can go West to the southwestern tip of the
 island, or NorthWest towards a steep drop-off point.
Directions : NorthEast(38), West(103)
Notes : The original game allowed the conch shell to take you to room 50 when blown here.

Room # : 41
Room Name : On Top of Wall
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing on the eastern end of a long wall that
 divides the western portion of the island, in the shade of a long branch
 that extends over the wall. From here you can see that the southwestern portion
 of the island is very rocky, the most prominant feature of which appears to be a small volcano.
 The northwestern portion of the island is far more flat and green, with a large grassy pasture stretching out
 to the horizon. Below you to the south is nothing but gnarled weeds and thorned foliage, to the north another wall
 splits off of the one you are standing on, forming a T shape.
Text Description (Short) : You are on top of a wall, in the shade of a large tree.
Direction Description : You can walk North where to where another wall splits off,
 West along the current wall, or climb Up onto a branch that hangs over this end of the wall.
Directions : North(78), West(43), Up(28)

Room # : 42
Room Name : Campsite
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You have come across an area that looks as though someone has
 recently camped here.
Text Description (Short) : You are at a campsite.
Direction Description : You may only go back East, to the edge of the cliff.
Directions : East(104)
Items : Item[Locked Box], Item[Flask (Filled with Unknown Liquid)], Item[Cauldron], Item[Firepit], Item[Animal-Skin Pouch]

Room # : 43
Room Name : Breaking Area
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : This particular portion of the wall seems rather weak to you, so you take
 special care and make sure of you footing as you balance on top of the wall. The ground below you to the
 south has sloped rapidly into a rocky terraign leading away from the volcano, and down to the southern
 beaches where your journey began. On the north side of the wall, a large green pasture has risen up to
 form a hill that meets with the wall.
Text Description (Short) : You are on top of a weak part of a wall.
Direction Description : You can go East into the shade of tree branch, West to the western
 edge of the wall, or jump Down towards the pasture below you to the north.
Directions : East(41), West(86), Down(87)

Room # : 44
Room Name : Edge of Water
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing at the water's edge. The lagoon smells strongly of salt-water, meaning
 that you will have to search elsewhere for a place to find something to drink.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the edge of the water.
Direction Description : You could go West to the southwest corner of the lagoon, South to where the 
 sand meets a large open pasture, or you could swim North across the lagoon, under the bridge
 towards a coral reef on the other side.
Directions : North(128), South(29), West(57)

Room # : 45
Room Name : Route between boulder and sandbank
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing next to a large cliff, which blocks all passages to the north.
Text Description (Short) : You are next to a large cliff.
Direction Description : You can go either East to a sandbank at the edge of a lagoon, or West
 along the rockface.
Directions : East(30), West(46)

Room # : 46
Room Name : Boulder
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are now standing before the southern face of a the island's largest mountain. What appears
 to be a passageway leading up the mountain has been cut sheerly into the rockface. As you run your hand along one side of the
 passage way, you marvel at how very smooth the surface plane feels to your touch.
Text Description (Short) : You are in front of a passageway through the cliffs.
Direction Description : You can walk East along the cliff, South to the northern side of the largest tree in the forest, or
 North into the passageway leading up into the mountain.
Directions : North(48), South(22), East(45)
Directional Object : North
 Obstruction : Obstruction[Boulder]
 Transition (Text) : You step around the space between the boulder and the wall of the passageway that has been cut
 into the cliff. You continue walking up the path to the north until the passageway terminates, and two other passages
 lead off to the west and to the east.
Notes : You must collect the four orbs to power the underground analog computer in order to remove the boulder.

Room # : 47
Room Name : Roots and Tunnel
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are crawling through a tunnel system that leads underground through
 a hollow tree. The roots of the tree surround you, with a few small sprouts poking through the ceiling and
 dangling in front of your face. Brushing tbhis curtain of vegetative matter aside, you can just barely
 see that the tunnel actually forks ahead to the north.
Text Description (Short) : You are surrounded by roots.
Direction Description : You can crawl to the North where the tunnel forks, or South
 towards the hollowed trunk of a large tree.
Directions : North(69), South(34)

Room # : 48
Room Name : Path Leading Upwards
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The passageways up the mountain split off in three directions
 here: to the east, to the west, and to the south.
Text Description (Short) : The passageways up the mountin split here.
Direction Description : You can either follow the Eastern, the Western, or the Southern passage way, which leads down to the
 foot of the mountain.
Directions : South(46), East(51), West(49)

Room # : 49
Room Name : Ledge Over Cave
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The western passageway up the volcano ends abruptly here, after turning south and overhanging
 a large alcove that has been cut into the rock below you. You can neither see nor hear anything that may be down there,
 and if you were to jump down there you probably wouldn't break any bones, but you most certainly would not be able to
 climb back up to this passageway.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a ledge overhanging a mountain alcove.
Direction Description : You can either return East to where the three passways diverge, or you can chance jumping Down and finding out
 (for better or for worse) what lies within the aclove below you.
Directions : East(48), Down(125)

Room # : 50
Room Name : Wings of Pegasus
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : After you place your lips around the small end of the
 conch, you close your eyes and blow. You think that you can hear something and
 your eyelids snap open. Before you stands a huge winged unicorn. It doesn't look
 frightened, so you walk over, pet its long mane, and climb up onto its back. You
 are now riding on the back of a beautiful winged unicorn. It reminds you of the
 mythological creature 'Pegasus'. You can see most of the island from up here.
 Apparently the western part of the island drops off about 100 feet or so, and
 most of the plant life is on the lower and eastern half. You can see a lagoon on
 the northeastern part of the island, and a volcano on the southwestern portion.
 The unicorn is descending now. (Please return your seats to an upright position)
Text Description (Short) : You are on the back of a winged unicorn.
Direction Description : 
Directions : East(40), West(31)
Notes : Removed from the original game.

Room # : 51
Room Name : Unclimbable Hill
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The eastern passageway that has been etched into the mountain has apparantly
 not been finished in this direction, so you will have to head back the way you came.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the end of the eastern passageway.
Direction Description : You can only go back to the West.
Directions : West(48)

Room # : 52
Room Name : Octopus / Boomerang Sword
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : It feels as though this area has a magical aura all around it. The sun's
 rays of light shining down into the water seem to cause everything to sparkle.
 It's a shame that the saltwater hurts your eyes so much.
Text Description (Short) : You are underwater.
Direction Description : You can barely make out what appears to be an underwater cave, far below you.
You can swim Down and into it, or up to the edge of the water.
Directions : Up(128), Down(114)
Directional Object : Down
 Obstruction : Obstruction(8)
Notes : The boomerang sword used to be here, as did the octopus.
 Also, insert a DO(D) here detailing information about the cave.

Room # : 53
Room Name : Ground Caves In
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are walking to the southeastern  end of the lagoon when come across a large hole
 where the ground has caved in. It looks as though this was once a trap made to catch unsuspecting creatures. A makeshift ladder
 leads into the depths of the pit.
Text Description (Short) : You are in front of a pitfall.
Direction Description : You can climb Down the ladder, and into the pit, or return North to where the long wooden bridge
 crosses the lagoon.
Directions : North(55), Down(54)
Directional Object : Down
 Transition (Text) : You carefully make your way down the makeshift ladder, into the pit below.

Room # : 54
Room Name : Ladder and Key
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing at the bottom of a large pit that was probably once used to capture unsuspecting
 creatures offguard. The dark grey bones of several such victims are strewn about in varying degrees of disarry.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the bottom of a pit.
Direction Description : You may only climb back Up the ladder.
Directions : Up(53)
Items : Item[Small Key]
Notes : You can't get here until you've past the Troll

Room # : 55
Room Name : Opposite Bank
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : This side of the lagoon is far less attractive that the opposite bank. The sand is very
 wet here, and degenerates into swampland to the east. You are afraid to wander very far from the side of the lagoon,
 out of fear of getting stuck in a patch of quicksand.
Text Description (Short) : You are on the east side of the bridge that crosses the lagoon.
Direction Description : You are afraid of towards the swampland east of here, so sou may only
 go West across the bridge, or North or South along the east shore of the lagoon.
Directions : North(60), South(53), West(56)

Room # : 56
Room Name : Bridge
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are in the middle of a long wooden bridge that crosses the 
lagoon. You stare down at the water, to try to see what's at the bottom, but its too murky
and there is too much reflection from the sun for you to be able to see much of anything.
Text Description (Short) : You are in the middle of a long rope bridge.
Direction Description : The bridge extends both East and West across the lagoon. You could also
dive Down into the waters of the lagoon below you.
Directions : East(55), West(59), Down(62)

Room # : 57
Room Name : Soutwest Bank
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are at the southwest bank of a lagoon. To the west of you, stretching northwards to the horizon
 runs a series of cliffs that divide the eastern and western portions of the island.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the southwest bank of the lagoon.
Direction Description : You can go Northalong the cliffs, South to a sandbank, or East to the edge of the water.
Directions : North(58), South(30), East(44)

Room # : 58
Room Name : Sand
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : Walking alongside the cliffs, you shuffle your feet in sandy terraign.
 The lagoon shimmers in the sun's rays to the west of you, dazzling your peripheral vision.
Text Description (Short) : You are west of the lagoon.
Direction Description : You can go South along the cliffs,
 or North towards a bridge that crosses the middle of the lagoon.
Directions : North(59), South(57)
Notes : description assumes first approach

Room # : 59
Room Name : Troll Gatekeeper
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing next to a long wooden bridge that spans the
 width of the lagoon. It appears to be the only way across the lagoon. There is a gate at the entrance
  to the bridge, with a gnarled face of something that looks like a troll in it's center.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing next to the rope bridge.
Direction Description : You can go North along the shore of the lagoon, cross the bridge by
 going East, or walk alongside fo the cliff to the South.
Directions : North(61), South(58), East(56)

Room # : 60
Room Name : East Shore
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are on the northeast shore of the lagoon. To the north and
 east the wet patches of sand and swampland wrap around to surround you on those sides. A
 beautiful coral reef is situated to the west of you, also preventing you from continuing in
 that direction.
Text Description (Short) : You are on the east shore of the lagoon.
Direction Description : You may only go South to the east end of the long wooden bridge.
Directions : South(55)

Room # : 61
Room Name : West Shore
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The cliffs part to the west here, allowing you access to a small river
 that has eroded its way through the stone over the ages. The river feeds from the ocean far ahead to the north, and
 weaves its way through the mountainside to the south, where it takes a turn westward. To the north the wind has gathered
 sand from the lagoon's shore into a small sand dune, and to the east of you an exotic coral reef stretches across the lagoon.
Text Description (Short) : You are on the northwest shore of the lagoon.
Direction Description : You can head West to where a group of rocks cross the river,
 North to the small sand dune, or South to where the long wooden bridge that crosses the lagoon.
Directions : North(63), South(59), West(90)

Room # : 62
Room Name : Coral Reef
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : A small coral reef has formed at the northern end of the lagoon, blocking
 you ability to swim in that direction. It is covered by a colorful assortment of coral and
 shellfish. The lagoon was probably a part of the ocean at one time, which would explain the saltwater.
Text Description (Short) : You are treading water in front of a coral reef.
Direction Description : You can only swim to the South because the coral reef blocks further passage to the North.
Directions : South(128)

Room # : 63
Room Name : Small Dune
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The sand in this area has piled up to create a small dune. You are
 standing on the southern side of the dune gazing out over the lagoon to the southwest.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing on the south side of a small sand dune.
Direction Description : You can go North to the other side of the dune,
 East along the north shore of the lagoon, or South along it's west shore.
Directions : North(67), South(61), East(64)

Room # : 64
Room Name : North Shore
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The majority of the northern beach of the lagoon is taken up by a small
 coral reef that stretches across this side of the lagoon. To the east grows a thick patch of reeds
 that becomes less and less dense as it wraps around to the north. Beyond the reeds to the north, the beach extends
 towards the ocean.
Text Description (Short) : You are on the north shore of the lagoon.
Direction Description : You can go North towards the ocean, West to a small sand dune,
 or East to where a patch of reeds are growing in the sand.
Directions : North(66), East(65), West(63)

Room # : 65
Room Name : Reeds
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing in the middle of a thick patch of reeds and other knee-high
 plants. The soil is very wet and marshy in this area, a trend that continues off to the east, where the earth
 becomes very swamplike. You have absolutely no desire to trudge through a swamp in you current condition, so
 heading east would be out of the question.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing in a thick patch of reeds.
Direction Description : You can go West to the north shore of the lagoon, or NorthWest across the reeds, towards the ocean.
Directions : West(64), NorthWest(66)
Notes : What used to be here?

Room # : 66
Room Name : Edge of Beach
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(100).jpg
Text Description (Long) : The sand on this beach is very gritty, with many weeds growing in patches that thicken
 to the south. The ocean washes up gently along the shoreline, the waves having already been broken by a small peninsula that
 extends from the island east of here, terminating in a wooden dock just north of you, across the water.
Text Description (Short) : You are on the end of the beach.
Direction Description : You can go South to the north shore of the lagoon, or
 SouthEast into a dense patch of reeds.
Directions : South(64), SouthEast(65)

Room # : 67
Room Name : Behind Dune (Doors)
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing on the north side of a small sand dune. Beyond the dune, a small peninsula
 extends from the island, out over the deep blue sea.
Text Description (Short) : You are behind the sand dune.
Direction Description : You can go North to the peninsula, or South to the other side of the dune.
Directions : North(80), South(63)
Notes : After you use the sledgehammer to destroy the cement wall at the northern end of the underground tunnel,
 sand will pour down into the tunnel, revealing a staircase that leads up to this side of the sand dune. Down(105)

Room # : 68
Room Name : Shark
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are treading water next to a short wooden dock.
Text Description (Short) : You are treading water.
Direction Description : You climb Up onto the dock, or you might consider swimming Down into the ocean
 depths, if only you had a little more confidents in your ability to hold your breathe underwater.
Directions : Up(100), Down(112)
Directional Object : Down
 Obstruction : Obstruction(8)

Room # : 69
Room Name : Tunnel Forks
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : As you continue to crawl through the tunnel, you pause for a moment to take a closer
 look at the walls of this passageway. The entire tunnel system is dimly lit, though there is no single source
 of origin for the light. Examinging the soil in detail, you can see what appears to be millions of tiny phosphorus
 fungi that appear to glow with a yellowish inner light. This is very fortunate for you, as you would otherwise
 be totally unable to find your way around by using your naked eyes alone. Taking another moment to better orient
 yourself, you see that the underground tunnel system forks here in three directions.
Text Description (Short) : You are at a point where the underground tunnel forks.
Direction Description : One passage continues North and heads at a slightly downward tilted
angle, another goes NorthEast, and the last passage continues to the South.
Directions : North(70), South(47), NorthEast(72)
Notes : Original Text :
 As you continue to crawl through the tunnel, it occurs to you that
 although you can still see, you should have run out of light a long time ago. You simply dismiss
 it, and continue. After a few feet you notice that the tunnel's ceiling is getting almost high
 enough for you to stand up straight and walk. You stop moving when you see reach a point where the tunnel forks.

Room # : 70
Room Name : Lowering Passage
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are crawling along an underground passageway that
 declines to the north. The light cast by the fungi growing in the soil appears to grow strong the further down
 into the earth you continue. Ahead to the north you just make out that this particular tunnel appears to terminate
 as it enters a small subterraignian chamber. To the south, the tunnel rises to a point where it forks into three
 directions.
Text Description (Short) : You are in an underground tunnel that leads downward.
Direction Description : You can go North to the room at the end of the tunnel, or South to where the tunnel forks.
Directions : North(71), South(69)

Room # : 71
Room Name : Glowing Spear
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The underground tunnel leading downwards widens out here into a small subterrainian
 chamber. The small species of funges that grows in the soil of these tunnel seems to grow in a slightly larger
 form all around the walls of this chamber, creating a much higher level of light than is present in the
 narrow passageways. In the center of this room sits a small stone pedestool, which is covered with various
 forms of bizarre pictures and markings, whose possible meaning utterly eludes you.
Text Description (Short) : You are in a small subterrainian chamber at the end of an underground passageway.
Direction Description : The only direction that you can go is back South through the tunnel that led you here.
Directions : South(70)
Items : Item[Luminescent Fungi], Item[Ornate Spear (Imbeded in Decorated Stone Pedestool)]
Notes : Original Text :
 The walls of this room themselves cast an eerie glow,
 perhaps from either a bizarre element imbedded in the rock, or some sort of
 phosphorous fungus. That eerie glow is what has been providing you with light.
 There is a large stone placed in the middle of the room.

Room # : 72
Room Name : Wall Painting
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : This branch of the underground tunnel system is somewhat wider than the
 tunnel the southwest, allowing you just enough room to stand up fully erect. The walls of the this
 tunnel are far more solid as well. On the eastern wall of this particular section a large, flat, stone
 surface has been inlade. On the surface of the stone are various markings and pictures of human-shaped
 creatures involved in what appears to be a ritual of some sort, but that is about all that you can make
 out for certain. The tunnel continues to the north and to the south, and connects with a smaller tunnel
 system to the southwest.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing in an underground tunnel, which is inlade with a stone surface on one wall.
Direction Description : You can either follow the Northern, Southern, or SouthWestern tunnels.
Directions : North(74), South(73), SouthWest(69)

Room # : 73
Room Name : Cave-In
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : This tunnel, which continues to the south has been blocked by some sort of cave-in
 not long ago. A few large boulders and pieces of debris have fallen from above, in such a fashion that could
 not be removed by hand.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing in and underground tunnel, in front of a cave-in.
Direction Description : You can follow the tunnel to the North where it forks, or to the South,
 should you be able to remove the rubble left behind by the cave-in.
Directions : North(72), South(76)
Notes : Insert cave-in obstruction

Room # : 74
Room Name : Sounds to the North
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The tunnel to the north here, to the point where the fungi growing in the soil are insufficient
 to provide enough light for you to make your way through the tunnel system with nothing but the naked eye. Unless you can
 provide an additional source of light, it is too dark for you to continue following the tunnel to the north.
Text Description (Short) : You are in an underground tunnel that widens to the north.
Direction Description : The tunnel leads North into the darkness, and South to where it forks and meets up with
 another tunnel system.
Directions : North(75), South(72)

Room # : 75
Room Name : Giant Worm
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The tunnel spreads out into an immense room here. There's a slab of flat stone in the
 middle, with a deep pit behind it. There is a large pile of dirt caked around the corner of an enormous tunnel at the northwestern
 corner of the room. A foul stench seems to be eminating from the pit behind the stone slab.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the southern end of an immense underground room.
Direction Description :  You can head North across the large room, or South into a series of underground tunnels.
Directions : North(95), South(74)
Notes : It is possible that the second game could be connected to the first by means of this pit. The foul reek and stench
 could be from the remains of previous sacrifices, something which the player discovers at some point during a later quest.

Room # : 76
Room Name : Organic/Analog Comuter Room
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You have removed the cave-in left behind in the tunnel to the south of you, and followed it
 into an enormous underground cavern, something that presents a spectacle unlike anything that you've ever seen before.
 The tunnel leads out onto a ledge that reached halfway out into the cavern. Far above your head are various holes in the
 stone ceiling of the cavern, which filter in shafts of light that fall at obscure angles onto various locations throughout
 the entire area. The far wall of the cavern reaches down from the top of the ceiling to far beyond your range of vision,
 down into the depths below. There is a steady stream of water cascading down this far wall, and in certain areas small
 mechanisms which recognize the balance of a scale capture some of the streams running down the rockface in small cups, which
 cause the opposite sides of the balance to rise and pour water into other devices. The reaction is that when water
 runs down a certain area of the wall, a chain reaction between the devices in enacted in one direction, and then as the water
 spills out from the cups, a new chain reaction develops across another portion of the large chamber. The air is fill with the
 sound of gushing water, and the rapid clicking of many of this such devices, as their cups fill and the balances switch to the
 other side. In a few places, some sort of crystal is places upon the top of the balance, and if the water falls in a particular
 pattern, the crystal will cross into the path of a beam of light that falls from the ceiling above, causing new rays of light to
 refract in other directions, sometimes touching other scales, and sometimes refracting off stationary crystals imbeded directly
 into the various walls of the cavern. Such activities continue all the way down the far cavern wall, for as far as your eye can 
 see. To the across the abyss below you lies another platform to the west. On this ledge a series of gears and levers are imbeded
 into the rock, perhaps to control the flow of the water above, and therefore the visual patterns created by the balances and
 beams of light.The overall effect of this grandeous machincal process quickly begins to overwhelm you senses with a sense of awe
 and appriciation for the machine's beauty. At the end of the platform on which you are standing four differnt pedestools, of
 a consistent height approximately equal to the level of your shoulders. There is a beam of light falling from the ceiling above
 that crosses just above the top of each of these pedestools, at varying angles. Each of the pedestools is of a slightly
 differnt hue, one white, one black, one blue, and one red.
Text Description (Short) : You are in the middle of a huge cavern.
Direction Description : You may only return North, to the area where the cave-in took place.
Directions : North(73)
Items : Item[Pedestool]
Notes : Original Text:
 You have uncovered a tunnel that leads downward, to a large cavern. You slowly
 crawl through it, and upon reaching the end, your eyes widen and you feel you jaw almost hit the floor.
 Much to your amazement, there is a huge flat wooden platform ahead of you. On top of the platform is a
 wide assortment of gears and switches and levers. Behind and above the panels is a huge plate of glass.
 Astonished and amazed at finding something resembling a computer on an island that seemed so primal you
 step forward and pull the red handle in front of you...

Room # : 77
Room Name : River
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing on a small strip of soggy land in the middle of
 a river that draws it's water from the ocean. The river has eroded its way south through the
 rockface.
Text Description (Short) : You are in the middle of a river.
Direction Description : You can wade North towards the mouth of the river, or South towards
 a small rock formation that crosses the river.
Directions : North(99), South(90)

Room # : 78
Room Name : High Wall
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You edge your way along the portion of the wall that splits off to the north.
 The ground below you drops off rather rapidly. As you face north, there is a pasture far below
 to the left, and to the right lies the remains of a small building.
Text Description (Short) : You are on top of a high wall.
Direction Description : Since the wall is much too high on either side for you to jump down,
 and to the north the top of the wall ends where a gate begins, you can only go back to the South.
Directions : South(41)

Room # : 79
Room Name : Stubble - Sledge
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(079).jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing admist the ruins of an old, small building.
 It would appear that it was once an old toolshed, but simply crumbled from lack of upkeep.
 Many tools are stewn about the wreckage, of various shapes, sizes, and usages with which you
 are entirely unfamiliar. Some of the tools have decayed and rusted to point of utter uselesness,
 some other are in only slightly better condition.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing admist the ruins of an old toolshed.
Direction Description : You may only go back North along the cobblestone road.
Directions : North(92)
Items : Item[Sledgehammer]

Room # : 80
Room Name : Penninsula
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You're standing at the southern tip of a peninsula
 that extends from the northeastern end of the island. The peninsula bends to the east
 just north of here, where it continues for a short distance before terminating in a wooden dock.
 Text Description (Short) : You are standing on a peninsula.
Direction Description : You can go to the North where the peninsula bends eastward, or South to the
 northern face of a sand dune.
Directions : North(81), South(67)

Room # : 81
Room Name : Soft Sand
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The peninsula bends to the east here, leading out towards a
 wooden dock extends out over the water.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a peninsula.
Direction Description : You may head East to the start of a wooden dock, or South, to the
 start of the peninsula.
Directions : South(80), East(82)

Room # : 82
Room Name : Start of Dock
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The peninsula ends where a wooden dock stretches out over the water.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the start of a wooden dock.
Direction Description : You can either go East onto the dock, Down into the water, or West to where the
 peninsula turns south.
Directions : East(100), West(81), Down(68)

Room # : 83
Room Name : Start of Rope Bridge
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : A rope bridge begins at the top of the hill here, spaning a deep gully far below you.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the start of a rope bridge.
Direction Description : You can travel West to cross the rope bridge, or East down the slope
 of a riverbank.
Directions : East(109), West(119)
Directional Object : West
 Obstruction : Obstruction[Rope Bridge (Broken)]

Room # : 84
Room Name : Death
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : Oops! You know you must have done *something* wrong once
 the rigor mortis begins to set in.
Text Description (Short) : You are dead.
Direction Description : For some reason you just feel like lying here for awhile.
Directions : 
Notes : Not used in the final game.

Room # : 85
Room Name : Gate
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing on the northeastern side of a low hill that gently
 slopes its way down to a green pasture. There are two long walls running east-west and north-south across the top of the hill.
 You are standing in front of a large metal gate that has been built into the wall that runs north-south across the hill.
 There is an enormous and elaborately-decorate lock with a large keyhole centered in the middle of the gate. You can
 see a cobblestone path leading towards the immense ruins of a once great manor on the other side of the gate.
Text Description (Short) : You are in front of a large metal gate.
Direction Description : You can go SouthWest along the top of the hill, or East through the gate, if it is opened.
Directions : East(92), SouthWest(87)
Directional Object : East
 Obstruction : Obstruction[Locked Gate (Closed)]

Room # : 86
Room Name : Western End of Wall
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : As the wall approaches the the cliffs at the edge of the western portion of the island, the top winds
 around to the south and sinks into the ground in the form of a staircase. The bottom of this "staircase" leads into the northern
 face of the volcano that makes up the south western portion of the island.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the western end of a large wall.
Direction Description : You can travel Down the staircase, or East along the top of the wall.
Directions : East(43), Down(93)

Room # : 87
Room Name : Pasture
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are on the top of a large hill that gently slopes its way down through
 a pasture to the north of you. To the south and east of you a greyish-white wall wraps its way around you.
 To the west the hill ends and a cliff drops down to the crashing ocean below.
Text Description (Short) : 
Direction Description : You can go walk North down the hill, NorthEast to a gate built into the
 wall to the east, or climb Up onto the top of the wall behind you.
Directions : North(88), NorthEast(85), Up(43)

Room # : 88
Room Name : Down Hill
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are walking down a gentle hill that slopes its way through
 a green pasture. At the bottom of the hill a barely perceptable path gently eases its way northward.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a hill, in a pasture.
Direction Description : You can either go North to the bottom of the hill, or walk South
 to the top of it.
Directions : North(89), South(87)

Room # : 89
Room Name : Bottom of Hill
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing at the bottom of a hill in a large pasture.
 A light path leads to the northeast here.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the bottom of a hill.
Direction Description : You can go NorthEast along the path that leads to a well, or walk up the hill to the South.
Directions : NorthEast(91), South(88)

Room # : 90
Room Name : Rock Steps
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing in the middle of a small formation of rocks that lead across the river.
 This river, after years of constant pressure, has eroded a small passway through the huge cliffs that
 make up most of the northern and western portions of the island. The river takes water in from
 the ocean and follows a winding route through the rock to the south.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing on a rock formation in the middle of a river.
Direction Description : You can go North or South along the river, or carefully step across the rocks to reach
 the Eastern or Western banks of the river.
Directions : North(77), South(96), East(61), West(109)
Directional Object : North
 Transition (Text) : You wade your way against the rivers current to a small patch of
 soggy ground just north of where you started.

Room # : 91
Room Name : South of Hole (Well)
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing in the middle of a soft path that lightly weaves its way across a wide-open
 green pasture. To the north of you stands a small well, and the path works its way towards the bottom of a gentle hill
 to the southwest.
Text Description (Short) : You are south of a well.
Direction Description : You can go North to the well, or SouthWest along the path to the bottom of a hill.
Directions : North(107), SouthWest(89)

Room # : 92
Room Name : Ruins of the Manor
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(092).jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing on a cobblestone path that leads in between a tall greyish-white wall and the immense
 ruins of a once-great manor. The odor of decaying wood drifts radiates through the air from the remains of the old building
 to the east. You have absolutely no desire to crawl around that dirty heap of debris. The cobblestone path continues south,
 towards the partial remains of a much smaller building, nestled in between the wall and a few bushes, overgrown with weeds.
Text Description (Short) :	You are standing in front of the remains of a once great manor.
Direction Description : You can exit through the gate to the west, or follow the path to the south, towards the remains of the
 smaller building.
Directions : South(79), West(85)

Room # : 93
Room Name : Stairs Leading Into Top of Wall
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing on a set of stairs that rotate to the east, where they merge into the
 top of a long wall. At the bottom, the staircase merges into the northern face of a small volcano.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a staircase that leads into the top of a wall.
Direction Description : You can either go Down to the bottom of the stairs, or Up to where they lead
 into the top of a wall.
Directions : Up(86), Down(106)

Room # : 94
Room Name : Tunnel (Need Flashlight)
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are in an underground tunnel, formed by a river that eroded its way
 through the cliffs that make up most of the western portion of the island. The current is pulling
 you away from the entrance.
Text Description (Short) : You are in an underground tunnel.
Direction Description : You may travel deeper into the tunnel by moving West, or out into the light
 by going East.
Directions : East(101), West(102)

Room # : 95
Room Name : Altar of the Black Orb
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : This end of the large underground room is mainly taken up by a large stone statue of
 a human skeleton that is bonded to an ornate alter of some sort. The statue is place upright against the wall of the room,
 giving the impression that you were floating in space above the remains of the victim's body. Apparently this room was
 once used for some form of human sacrifice, the flat stone slab must have been the altar, and perhaps the offering was
 made to the giant earthworm whose own remains are now rotting away in the tunnel to the northwest, thanks to your own
 valiant efforts. At the northeastern end of this room stands a smaller tunnel appears to have been closed off by the
 building of a stone wall.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the northern end of an immense underground room.
Direction Description : You can head either South across this large underground room, or NorthEast towards the stone-off tunnel
 passage.
Directions : South(75), NorthEast(105)
Items : Item[The Black Orb]
Notes : This room TL may have to be dynamically modified after the stone wall is broken, as will room 67.

Room # : 96
Room Name : Undergrowth
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : As you wade along the river, you notice that the undergrowth is growing
 thicker here. To the south, the river takes a bends west. The cliffs above you are begining to incline
 the farther along the river you go.
Text Description (Short) : You are wading along a river.
Direction Description : You can go South to where the river turns, or North where a set of rocks crosses it.
Directions : North(90), South(97)

Room # : 97
Room Name : Turning of River
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : At this point, the river turns sharply to the west. You can also see a
 tunnel further down to the west, where the river must go underground.
Text Description (Short) : You are at a point where the river turns.
Direction Description : You can follow the river North or West.
Directions : North(96), West(98)

Room # : 98
Room Name : Runs Through Mountains
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(098).jpg
Text Description (Long) : As you glance upwards at the cliffs on the north side of the river, you
 notice that they're somewhat lower than the ones on the south side. A ledge juts out from the cliff
 above you to the north, providing a place for you to rest and dry off, if you so desired.
Text Description (Short) : You are in the river that runs through the mountains.
Direction Description : You can climb Up to the ledge above you, or you can follow the
 river to the East where it bends northward, or to the West where it goes underground.
Directions : East(97), West(101), Up(129)

Room # : 99
Room Name : Mouth of River
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The river takes in its water from the sea here. The current is a bit
 stronger than before, and it pushes you backwards.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the mouth of a river.
Direction Description : Since the current is so strong, you may only go South.
Directions : South(77)

Room # : 100
Room Name : Dock
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(100).jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing on a wooden dock that stretches out over the ocean.
 You glance out across the sea as the waves crash all around you. You can't help but to feel a
 little homesick as the sun's rays dazzle your eyes with gleaming reflections.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing on a wooden dock.
Direction Description : You may dive Down into the water, or head West to where the dock
 extends from the land.
Directions : West(82), Down(68)
Notes : "across the sea"?

Room # : 101
Room Name : Leads Into Tunnel
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The river enters a tunnel here. You can hear the echo of the water
 trickling within. Inside of the tunner it is pitch black, and you can't see any light at the end.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing in a river, at the entrance to a tunnel.
Direction Description : It's far too dark for you to venture East into the tunnel with your unaided eyes,
 so you will have to turn against the current to the West.
Directions : East(98), West(94)

Room # : 102
Room Name : Middle of Tunnel
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are wading hip-deep through a cold underground river, feeling
 your way along the walls of the tunnel, which are slick with strange subterraignean plantlife
 that somehow manage to thrive without light between the rock and saltwater. The river bends here,
 with the water flowing from in from the east and continuing on to the north.
Text Description (Short) : You are in a river that runs through an underground tunnel.
Direction Description : The tunnel turns both North and East here.
Directions : North(110), East(94)
Notes : The Black Orb used to be here

Room # : 103
Room Name : Craggy Rocks Below
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing at the southwestern point of the island, taking in the
 magnificent view. Below you the waves crash against the craggy rocks. Your gaze out over the deep blue water
 until you decide that you've had enough sight-seeing and that it is time to move on.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the southwestern-most point of the island.
Direction Description : You can only return to the East.
Directions : East(40)

Room # : 104
Room Name : Top of Cliff
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(104).jpg
Text Description (Long) : After all of that climbing to get up here, you realize that this would be a
 perfect place to take a short rest. Apparently, someone else had the same idea, for there is a small
 campsite off to the east. In the meantime, you sit back and relax, taking in the view.
Text Description (Short) : You are on top of a cliff
Direction Description : You can either go East to a campsite, or Down to the ledge below.
Directions : East(42)
Items : Item[Tree Stump]

Room # : 105
Room Name : Stone Wall/Steps
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : There is the beginning of a tunnel that leads upwards from this large underground room, but
 you cannot enter it as it has been blocked off by a stone wall.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing in front of a tunnel that has been blocked off by a stone wall.
Direction Description : The stone wall blocking the tunnel leading Upwards prevents
 you from being able to move in any other direction but South.
Directions : South(95), Up(67)
Notes : This room with have to been remodified after the destruction of the stone wall.

Room # : 106
Room Name : Twisting Stairs
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing at the bottom of a staircase that twists to the east as it rises from the
 northern face of a small volcano. To the north, the staircase has merged into a long wall that run east across this half
 of the island. To the east lies the northern face of a small volcano that forms the majority of the south western island.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a twisting staircase.
Direction Description : You can either go Up the staircase, North towards the wall that stretches across the western portion
 of the island, or East towards the northern face of the volcano.
Directions : North(108), East(111), Up(93)

Room # : 107
Room Name : Waterhole (Well)
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : There is a small uncovered well here, in the middle of the green pasture. You can
 hear water flowing at the bottom, and the smell of saltwater hangs in the air. Wide cliffs overhang the ocean below
 to the north, while to the south a light path through the pasture gentle twists it's way uphill. A small wooden
 structure is built into the well, with a crank system for raising an lowering a bucket into the water below.
Text Description (Short) : You are in front of a well.
Direction Description : From the well, you can travel North towards the northern cliffs of the island, or south along
 the faint path that works its way uphill across the pasture. If you were to use the crank to lower the rope to the bottom
 of the well, there's no reason that you couldn't climb Down into the water below.
Directions : North(127), South(91), Down(115)
Items : Item[Bucket], Item[Crank]
Notes : The rope and bucket will later be detatchable, the crank will not. Bucket Starts UP!

Room # : 108
Room Name : The Wall
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are now facing the southern side of a long wall that divides the western half of the
 island. This particular section of the wall has begun to fall into disrepare, after what appears to be many years
 of neglect. Some of the bricks have become somewhat loose, and you feel a little wary of anything that might fall from
 above, causing you to glance up towards the top of the wall repeatedly. To the west of you the wall twists to the south
 and forms a staircase that leads into the northern face of a small volcano. To the east the ground drops off sharply, and
 nothing but weeds and thorned bushes cover the land.
Text Description (Short) : You are facing a large wall.
Direction Description : Between the wall in front of you and the poor terraign to the east, you may only return South, to
 the bottom of the the twisting staircase.
Directions : South(106)
Items : Item[Brick]

Room # : 109
Room Name : Opposite Bank
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing on the western bank of a river, behind a large cliff.
 This bank of the river inclines sharply into the distance to the west.
Text Description (Short) : You are on the western bank of a river.
Direction Description : You can either go West up the large hill, or East across the river.
Directions : East(90), West(83)

Room # : 110
Room Name : Light to the East
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The tunnel banks gently here, with the water flowing from the south and moving
 eastward, where a gentle light filters down from a hole in the ceiling. The waterlevel is deeper to
 the south, changing from hip level to knee deep as the water flows. The water flows out of complete darkness,
 to the point where moving south would be an impossible task with nothing but the naked eye.
Text Description (Short) : You are in an underground river.
Direction Description : You can go East towards the light, or deeper into the tunnel to the South.
Directions : South(102), East(115)
Directional Object : South
 Obstruction : Obstruction(5)
Notes : Might want to change direction river flows. Too many turns.
        Can't go South unless you have the flashlight

Room # : 111
Room Name : Behind Volcano
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are now standing on the northern side of a large volcano
 that takes up the majority of the southwestern portion of the island.
Text Description (Short) : You are behind volcano.
Direction Description : You can either go Up to the top of the volcano, or East towards
 a set of winding stairs.
Directions : West(106), Up(122)

Room # : 112
Room Name : Underwater/Shark
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are swimming underwater. The sun's rays of light bounce off the water's
 surface, shimmering above you.
Text Description (Short) : You are swimming underwater.
Direction Description : You can either swim Up to the water's surface, or Down to the ocean floor.
Directions : Up(68), Down(113)
Notes : Dock level(100) -> Water Suface(68) -> Underwater/Shark(112) -> Ocean floor(113)

Room # : 113
Room Name : Bottom of Ocean
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are swimming along the bottom of the ocean, observing
 various species of fish that you have never seen before. Many exotic forms of		
 coral grow here as well.
Text Description (Short) : You are swimming along the bottom of the ocean.
Direction Description : You can only swim back towards the surface.
Directions : Up(112)
Items : Item[The Blue Orb]

Room # : 114
Room Name : Passway
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing ankle-deep in a river that flows from the west
 to the east through an underground tunnel. The ceiling and floor of the underground
 tunnel declines to about knee-height in the direction the water flows,
 while the waterlevel remains approximately the same. You would have to hold
 your breath for a very long period of time if you wanted to follow
 the river to the east, since you would have to be swimming underwater. You certainly wouldn't want to risk being
 trapped underground, in a water-filled tunnel, struggling against the current trying to find the surface! To the west
 of you the river is bathed in complete darkness, something which would dare not venture into with nothing
 but the unaided eye.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing ankle-deep in an underground river.
Direction Description : You are in a very precarious situation, as you would need light to be able to move to the West, and you
 dare not rely on your ability to hold your breath if you wanted to swim Down under the water.
Directions : West(130), Down(52)
Directional Object : Down
 Obstruction : Obstruction(8)
Notes : There needs to be a descriptive DO(D) here between 114 and 52.
 Also insert anoher Obstruction in regards to the light situation.

Room # : 115
Room Name : Bottom of Waterhole
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You now standing knee-deep in an underground river that flows through
 an underground tunnel. The air smells strongly of dank rock and saltwater. A gentle light
 drifts down from the end of a long circular shaft in the ceiling of the tunnel. The light is
 sufficient for you to see around you, but only dim enough to permit black and white night vision.
 Just below the surface of the water you can see many flat round objects that are made out of a metal
 that has rusted away to nothing but delicate wafers. If they were once coins they are most certainly useless now, as they
 completely flake apart whenever you try to pick one up for a closer examination.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing under a small shaft of light, knee-deep in a river that flows through an underground tunnel.
Direction Description : You may travel East or West through the tunnel, though you can't see very far in either
 direction because the light from above doesn't help to illuminate very far to either side of you. The walls of the shaft
 leading Up through the ceiling are too slick for you climb up with your bare hands.
Directions : East(130), West(115), Up(107)
Items : Item[Golden Coin]
Notes : Add a DO(D) to 107.

Room # : 116
Room Name : Western Side of Chasm
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : In front of you is one end of a rope bridge that spans a deep gulley far below you.
Text Description (Short) : You are at one end of a rope bridge.
Direction Description : You may go West between the mountains and northern cliffs of the island,
 or East across the rope bridge.
Directions : East(119), West(11)
Directional Object : East
 Obstruction : Obstruction[Rope Bridge (Broken)]

Room # : 117
Room Name : Top of Large Steps
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are now standing at the highest point of the northwestern end of the island. Below you a series of
 ledges drop off at intervals towards the craggy rocks below, forming a sort of natural "staircase" leading down to the crashing
 waves below.
Text Description (Short) : You are a the highest point of the northwester end of the island.
Direction Description : You try to climb Down the series of ledges to where the cliffs meet the ocean, or head back along
 the top of the cliffs to the East.
Directions : East(127), Down(123)

Room # : 118
Room Name : Cave Entrance
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : What appeared to be a small dugout from the path below you actually turns out to be a carefully
 carved cave leading into the heart of the volcano. Heat from the molten lava within the depts of the volcano rolls out across
 your face, a distinctly different sensation from the cool ocean breeze blowing across your back. The walls of the cave are
 perfectly smooth, and the shape of the cave has been prefectly rounded. The cave continues to the north, where a small ledge juts
 out from the volcano's interior wall.
Text Description (Short) : You are in the entrance to a volcanic cave.
Direction Description : You can walk North towards the heart of the fiery volcano, or climb back Down to the back
 that winds around it's southern face.
Directions : North(124), Down(37)
Notes : Original Text went as follows:
 You are resting inside a naturally-formed dugout, probably shaped
 and molded by the lava the last time the volcano erupted. The dugout resemble a very small
 cave, about seven feet deep into the volcano, six feet high, and six feet wide. Its deep
 enough to block out the sun, but wide enough to let in the refreshing sea breeze.

Room # : 119
Room Name : Middle of Bridge
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are now walking across a rickety rope bridge. Below you is a deep
 gulley with the ocean's waves crashing at the bottom.
Text Description (Short) : You are in the middle of a rope bridge.
Direction Description : The bridge goes East and West.
Directions : East(83), West(116)

Room # : 120
Room Name : Exterior of the Temple of the White Orb
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing at the top of the hand-carved staircase that leads up the side of a mountain.
 You have reached a wide open, flat, circular area which is covered with square stone tiles, with pilliars of various
 heights and widths placed against the rock. At the center of the circle, on the ground are four larger stone tiles,
 shaped into quarter-circles, providing a stark geometric contrast to the square tiles. In the middle of the four
 quarter-circle tiles stands another circular pillar, this one much thicker than the others that encircle this area.
 On top of each of the pillars that line the area are situated various three-dimensional geometric shapes that have been
 carved out of either glass or crystal, something which you can not be sure about due to the way in which they tower over your
 head. Regardless of the material, each work is an elaborate and beautiful piece, whose delicate curves catch and reflect the sun's
 light, casting light and rainbows of varying hues all about this area, but especially upon the center pillar.
 In the center of the large center pillar, a large sphereical container (made from a material similar to the geomtric shapes
 that line the other pillarss) is half-filled with a clear liquid that glissens in the rays of light. Directly before you is a
 short and stubby cylindrical column with extremely elaborate marks and patterns etched onto its surface. Behind you to the south,
 the hand-carved staircase leads Down the mountain to the clifftops below.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the top of a hand-carved staircase that leads up the side of a mountain.
Direction Description :
Directions : North(131), Down(11)
Items : Item[Column]

Room # : 121
Room Name : Lower Ledge Inside Volcano
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You have decended down the metal cable, down even closer to the already
 unbearable heat of the volcano. You are now standing on yet another ledge inside the volcano, on the verge
 of collapse from heat stroke. Your head is reeling with the warmth of the molten lava splashing below you.
Text Description (Short) : You are on the lower ledge inside of a volcano.
Direction Description : You may only climp back Up the way you came.
Directions : 
Items : Item[The Red Orb]
Notes : The Red Orb is here. You need to have to bucket in order to pick it up.

Room # : 122
Room Name : Top of Volcano
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You now stand on the top of a volcano, peering down at the lava
 flowing deep within it. The heat emanating from within the bowels of the earth blast your face
 with a ferousity that causes you to snap your head back. Before averting you eyes, you happen to glance
 a certain dark splotch off to the side of the volcano's interior.
Text Description (Short) : You are on top of a volcano.
Direction Description : You can go down the North side of the volcano,
 or SouthEast down a path that wraps around to the other side.
Directions : North(111), SouthEast(39)
Notes : In eariler versions of the game the metal rod was just randomly poking out of the ground here.

Room # : 123
Room Name : Large Steps
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are able to climb about halfway down the series of ledges before the intervals
 between ledges becomes too great for you to work your way down any further. There are are many large birds
 flying around lazily, some of which have roosted in spaces where small crags jut out from the cliff.
Text Description (Short) : You are on a ledge, at the northwestern corner of the island.
Direction Description : You may only climb back Up to the top of the cliff.
Directions : Up(117)

Room # : 124
Room Name : Upper Ledge of Volcano
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are now standing on a ledge that juts out of the interior wall of
 a volcano. The heat here is intense beyond explanation or comprehension, and you feel dizzy with
 the heat. Adding curiousity to this exotic locale, a large grey metal ring hangs from the ceiling at
 the end of the hand-carved volcanic cave.
Text Description (Short) : You on a ledge inside of a volcano.
Direction Description : You have no interest in jumping Down into the lava below you, so you may
 only return to North, and to the cool ocean air at the other end of the volcanic cave.
Directions : North(118)
Items : Item[Metal Rung]
Notes : You need to tie the metal cable onto the metal ring to reach the ledge below you.
 This room was completely modified later to better round out the game.

Room # : 125
Room Name : CAVE
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You now stand before a huge cave entrance that leads
 underground. You hear some sort of mechanism shirring and clicking deep below
 the earth. You sigh, take a deep breathe, and step forward. You've come a long
 way, and there's no turning back now.
Text Description (Short) : You are at the end of the game.
Direction Description : This concludes the first chapter of The Cycon Oddyssey.
 You have sucessfully overcome many obstacles and mental challanges. I regret that you had
 to come so far, and you still don't know where you are, how you go here, why
 you were brought here, or even what the name means. You don't even know where
 'here' is. If you enjoyed this game (or even if you didn't) look for The Cycon
 Odyssey II, 'Tracing Roots', possibly coming soon to a server near you.
Directions :
Notes : The last of the original rooms. All of the following rooms have been added to The Cycon
 Odyssey in order to better balance the game.

Room # : 126
Room Name : Inside Alcove
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(126).jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing inside a small alcove, along the southern shore
 of the island. This small space between the rocks blocks you from the ocean winds, and
 keeps out the spray of crashing waves. You sit here and take a few minutes to gather up
 your thoughts.
Text Description (Short) : You are inside an alcove.
Direction Description : You may only return to the East.
Directions : East(4)
Items : Item[Rock]
Notes : The first of the new rooms, added to the original game in order to provide better balance.

Room # : 127
Room Name : North-North-West Portion of Island
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are walking along the cliffs that make up the northern portion of the island.
Text Description (Short) : You are walking along the cliffs.
Direction Description : You may travel South to a well, or West or East along the cliff.
Directions : South(107), East(11), West(117)

Room # : 128
Room Name : Water under the bridge
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are now treading water underneath the bridge that crosses the lagoon. 
 There are many reeds and slimy plants growing between you and the eastern shore of the lagoon, 
 so you wouldn't be able to swim that way.
Text Description (Short) : You are treading water under a bridge.
Direction Description : You may swim North towards a small coral reef, South to the water's edge,
 or if you were better at holding your breathe under water, you might
 consider swimming down below the water's surface.
Directions : North(62), South(44), Down(52)
Directional Object : Down
 Obstruction : Obstruction(8)

Room # : 129
Room Name : Ledge over Mountain River
GraphicURL : Images/Cycon-Room(098).jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are now standing on a small ledge that juts out from the cliff on
 the northern side of the river. Glancing up, you can see a tree stump
 just barely overhanging the edge of the cliff, far above your head. You'd be willing to bet that
 there would be an excellent view from up there, but you couldn't possibly climb up there with just
 your bare hands. 
Text Description (Short) : You are on a ledge overhanging the river.
Direction Description : You can't climb Up the cliff with your bare hands, so you will have to climb
 back Down from the ledge, into the river.
Directions : Down(98)
Items : Item[Tree Stump]

Room # : 130
Room Name : Between Waterhole and Decline
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : You are standing shin-deep in an underground river that flows through a tunnel
 from the west to the east. To the west a soft, gentle light filters down from a hole in the ceiling, whereas
 to the east is nothing but the pitch-blackness of an enternal subterraignian night.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing shin-deep in an underground river.
Direction Description : You would not be able to travel any further East away from the light spiling down from the
 hole in the ceiling to the West without anything but the un-aided naked eye.
Directions : East(114), West(115)
Notes : Add DO(E) in regards to light

Room # : 131
Room Name : Entrance to the Temple of the White Orb
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The interior of this temple is a smooth, square tunnel leading deeper north into the heart of the
 mountain. Shafts of light slice down from long long shaft cut through the ceiling of the tunnel, illuminating ancient dust
 particles that rise into the air with your every footstep. The floor, ceiling, and walls of the tunnel are a dull white, dulled
 and greyed by the the ravages of time and thick films of dust. To the north of you a circular doorway leads deeper into the temple.
Text Description (Short) : You are in the entrance to a temple.
Direction Description : You can travel deeper into the temple by heading North through the circular doorway,
 or walk up the stairs and out into the light by moving South.
Directions : North(132), South(120)
Notes : Add DO(N) to 120.

Room # : 132
Room Name : Inner Chamber of the Temple of the White Orb
GraphicURL : Images/CyconTemplate.jpg
Text Description (Long) : The circular doorway opens up into a large spherical chamber. From the lowest dip of the curved
 floor a cylindrical pedestool rises up, terminating at the exact center of the room, where four metal spokes rise from the top
 and curve inward in proportion to the rest of the rooms dimensions.
Text Description (Short) : You are standing in a large spherical chamber.
Direction Description : The only exit to this room leads to the South.
Directions : South(131)
Items : Item[The White Orb]
Notes : Add DO-O(S) here.
